so King Solomon was king over all Israel
so King Solomon was king over all Israel and these were his officials Azariah the
and these were his officials Azariah the
and these were his officials Azariah the son of Zadok the priest allaha ref and a
son of Zadok the priest allaha ref and a
son of Zadok the priest allaha ref and a Hydra the sons of Shia scribes
Hydra the sons of Shia scribes
Hydra the sons of Shia scribes Jehoshaphat the son of a highlight the
Jehoshaphat the son of a highlight the
Jehoshaphat the son of a highlight the recorder benaiah the son of jehoiada
recorder benaiah the son of jehoiada
recorder benaiah the son of jehoiada over the army zadok and abiathar the
over the army zadok and abiathar the
over the army zadok and abiathar the priests Azariah the son of nathan over
priests Azariah the son of nathan over
priests Azariah the son of nathan over the offices sabered the son of nathan a
the offices sabered the son of nathan a
the offices sabered the son of nathan a priest and the king's friend a high shot
priest and the king's friend a high shot
priest and the king's friend a high shot over the household and a Dan Iram the
over the household and a Dan Iram the
over the household and a Dan Iram the son of AB de over the labor force and
son of AB de over the labor force and
son of AB de over the labor force and Solomon at 12 governor's over all Israel
Solomon at 12 governor's over all Israel
Solomon at 12 governor's over all Israel who provided food for the king and his
who provided food for the king and his
who provided food for the king and his household each one made provision for
household each one made provision for
household each one made provision for one month of the year these are their
one month of the year these are their
one month of the year these are their names Ben Hur in the mountains of
names Ben Hur in the mountains of
names Ben Hur in the mountains of Ephraim Ben dica in makers che album
Ephraim Ben dica in makers che album
Ephraim Ben dica in makers che album Beth Shemesh and Ilan Beth Hamer
Beth Shemesh and Ilan Beth Hamer
Beth Shemesh and Ilan Beth Hamer when he said in aruba 'the to him the
when he said in aruba 'the to him the
when he said in aruba 'the to him the long SoCo and all the land of Haifa been
long SoCo and all the land of Haifa been
long SoCo and all the land of Haifa been a dad in all the regions of door
a dad in all the regions of door
a dad in all the regions of door he had typhus the daughter of Solomon
he had typhus the daughter of Solomon
he had typhus the daughter of Solomon his wife bana the son of a eyelid in
his wife bana the son of a eyelid in
his wife bana the son of a eyelid in Teaneck Megiddo and all Beth Sheehan
Teaneck Megiddo and all Beth Sheehan
Teaneck Megiddo and all Beth Sheehan which is beside ceratin below Jezreel
which is beside ceratin below Jezreel
which is beside ceratin below Jezreel from Beth Sheehan to Abel Mahalo as far
from Beth Sheehan to Abel Mahalo as far
from Beth Sheehan to Abel Mahalo as far as the other side of Jack Nia
as the other side of Jack Nia
as the other side of Jack Nia been gibbehhh in ramoth-gilead to him
been gibbehhh in ramoth-gilead to him
been gibbehhh in ramoth-gilead to him belong the towns of Jaya the son of
belong the towns of Jaya the son of
belong the towns of Jaya the son of Manasa in Gilead to him also belong the
Manasa in Gilead to him also belong the
Manasa in Gilead to him also belong the region of our God in bation 60 large
region of our God in bation 60 large
region of our God in bation 60 large cities with walls and bronze gate bars a
cities with walls and bronze gate bars a
cities with walls and bronze gate bars a henna dad the son of Edo in mayonnaise a
henna dad the son of Edo in mayonnaise a
henna dad the son of Edo in mayonnaise a him ia's in NAFTA lie he also took
him ia's in NAFTA lie he also took
him ia's in NAFTA lie he also took bassinet the daughter of Solomon his
bassinet the daughter of Solomon his
bassinet the daughter of Solomon his wife Diana the son of huge I in Asha and
wife Diana the son of huge I in Asha and
wife Diana the son of huge I in Asha and Alif Jehoshaphat the son of Peru in
Alif Jehoshaphat the son of Peru in
Alif Jehoshaphat the son of Peru in Osaka shimmy I the son of Allah in
Osaka shimmy I the son of Allah in
Osaka shimmy I the son of Allah in Benjamin Kiba
Benjamin Kiba
Benjamin Kiba the son of Yura in the land of Gilead in
the son of Yura in the land of Gilead in
the son of Yura in the land of Gilead in the country of sion king of the Amer
the country of sion king of the Amer
the country of sion king of the Amer rights and of Arc King of Dacian he was
rights and of Arc King of Dacian he was
rights and of Arc King of Dacian he was the only governor who was in the land
the only governor who was in the land
the only governor who was in the land Judah and Israel were as numerous as the
Judah and Israel were as numerous as the
Judah and Israel were as numerous as the sand by the sea in multitude eating and
sand by the sea in multitude eating and
sand by the sea in multitude eating and drinking and rejoicing so Solomon
drinking and rejoicing so Solomon
drinking and rejoicing so Solomon reigned over all kingdoms from the river
reigned over all kingdoms from the river
reigned over all kingdoms from the river to the land of the Philistines as far as
to the land of the Philistines as far as
to the land of the Philistines as far as the border of Egypt they brought tribute
the border of Egypt they brought tribute
the border of Egypt they brought tribute and served Solomon all the days of his
and served Solomon all the days of his
and served Solomon all the days of his life
life
life now solomon's provision for one day was
now solomon's provision for one day was
now solomon's provision for one day was thirty cause of fine flour 60 cause of
thirty cause of fine flour 60 cause of
thirty cause of fine flour 60 cause of meal ten fatted oxen 20 oxen from the
meal ten fatted oxen 20 oxen from the
meal ten fatted oxen 20 oxen from the pastures and 100 sheep besides deer
pastures and 100 sheep besides deer
pastures and 100 sheep besides deer gazelles roebucks and fatted foul for he
gazelles roebucks and fatted foul for he
gazelles roebucks and fatted foul for he had dominion over all the region on this
had dominion over all the region on this
had dominion over all the region on this side of the river from tip sir even to
side of the river from tip sir even to
side of the river from tip sir even to Gaza named over all the kings on this
Gaza named over all the kings on this
Gaza named over all the kings on this side of the river and he had pieced on
side of the river and he had pieced on
side of the river and he had pieced on every side all around him
every side all around him
every side all around him and Judah and Israel dwelt safely each
and Judah and Israel dwelt safely each
and Judah and Israel dwelt safely each man under his vine and his fig tree from
man under his vine and his fig tree from
man under his vine and his fig tree from Dan as far as Beersheba all the days of
Dan as far as Beersheba all the days of
Dan as far as Beersheba all the days of Solomon Solomon had forty thousand
Solomon Solomon had forty thousand
Solomon Solomon had forty thousand stalls of horses for his chariots and
stalls of horses for his chariots and
stalls of horses for his chariots and twelve thousand horsemen and these
twelve thousand horsemen and these
twelve thousand horsemen and these governors each man in his month provided
governors each man in his month provided
governors each man in his month provided food for King Solomon and for all who
food for King Solomon and for all who
food for King Solomon and for all who came to King Solomon's table there was
came to King Solomon's table there was
came to King Solomon's table there was no lack in their supply they also
no lack in their supply they also
no lack in their supply they also brought barley and straw to the proper
brought barley and straw to the proper
brought barley and straw to the proper place for the horses and steeds each man
place for the horses and steeds each man
place for the horses and steeds each man according to his charge and God gave
according to his charge and God gave
according to his charge and God gave Solomon wisdom and exceedingly great
Solomon wisdom and exceedingly great
Solomon wisdom and exceedingly great understanding and largeness of heart
understanding and largeness of heart
understanding and largeness of heart like the sand on the seashore
like the sand on the seashore
like the sand on the seashore thus Solomon's wisdom excelled the
thus Solomon's wisdom excelled the
thus Solomon's wisdom excelled the wisdom of all the men of the east and
wisdom of all the men of the east and
wisdom of all the men of the east and all the wisdom of Egypt for he was wiser
all the wisdom of Egypt for he was wiser
all the wisdom of Egypt for he was wiser than all man than Ethan the Ezra height
than all man than Ethan the Ezra height
than all man than Ethan the Ezra height and Heymann calcio and Dada the sons of
and Heymann calcio and Dada the sons of
and Heymann calcio and Dada the sons of male and his fate was in all the
male and his fate was in all the
male and his fate was in all the surrounding nations
surrounding nations
surrounding nations he spoke three thousand proverbs and his
he spoke three thousand proverbs and his
he spoke three thousand proverbs and his songs were one thousand and five also he
songs were one thousand and five also he
songs were one thousand and five also he spoke of trees from the cedar tree of
spoke of trees from the cedar tree of
spoke of trees from the cedar tree of Lebanon even to the hyssop that Springs
Lebanon even to the hyssop that Springs
Lebanon even to the hyssop that Springs out of the wall
out of the wall
out of the wall he spoke also of animals of birds of
he spoke also of animals of birds of
he spoke also of animals of birds of creeping things and of fish and man of
creeping things and of fish and man of
creeping things and of fish and man of all nations from all the kings of the
all nations from all the kings of the
all nations from all the kings of the earth who had heard of his wisdom came
earth who had heard of his wisdom came
earth who had heard of his wisdom came to hear the wisdom of Solomon